## Delta Plan
- ***Picturesque landscapes, temperamental rivers, and a capricious climate***. These three small phrases rather tacitly, yet appropriately, capture the prospects and challenges of this beautiful piece of the world we call our motherland, Bangladesh. And yet there's an even more concise way to say all of this, that too in a single word. That word is "*delta*". Our country is part of a landform born out of the flow of rivers known as a riverine delta. And the BDP-2100 is the strategy that our government has chosen to grapple with the perils associated with being a delta that loom over us, to ***foster sustainable growth, development, and prosperity***.
- A delta is a piece of land that has been *formed over thousands of years* by the deposition of alluvium by *rivers flowing into more stagnant bodies of water*, such as a sea, a lake, or a slower-moving river. Nearly 80% of our land area forms two-thirds of what is the *biggest delta in the world*, the *Ganges delta* or the *Ganges-Brahmaputra delta*, spanning a total of some *100,000 square kilometres*.
- **Ministers come and go, even dictators die, but mountain ranges stand unperturbed.** - *Nicholas Spykman*, US Political Scientist.
- Geographical features happen to have formed over millions of years under mother nature's whims, and they rarely ever change within timescales proportionate to a human lifespan. As such, any reasonable development plans must keep them in the forefront, guiding the plans in every step of the way. Being a delta, however, is even more special, given the ***spate of hazards that it brings along***. The government has thus, prudently and aptly, channeled its efforts towards addressing this pressing issue.
- 
