## Chap. 1
- God as a proper name vs God as a title. I think we may better distinguish between the two senses of the term by using a different language for each, e.g. Khoda for the proper name, God for the title. That's because what the title should entail stems (assuming the reader finds it plausible that the title should not be vacant) largely from an a priori analysis of the concept itself coupled with some postulates such as God must be the perfect being / the perfect person / the unmoved mover / the uncaused cause etc. So there seems to be three basic steps involved in this process. Step 1 is your arriving at through either deduction or induction at some notion of a supreme existence and then attach to it a set of "intended attributes" we want to apply to that concept, plus a set of evaluation criteria, call it E_i, to determine what we prioritize in the case of a potential conflict between two possible intended attributes. This whole package of intended descriptions / attributes plus the evaluation criteria is assigned an arbitrary label, call it God_i. The next step is to use the criteria to eliminate incompatible attributes. Finally we use other possible evaluation criteria E_i to arrive at an entire set of possible notions that could fit the original "supreme existence" that we had come up with. 
- A priori vs a posteriori accounts of God. The previous section described how an a priori analysis of the concept is to be undertaken to arrive at sets of possible attributes that could fit the title we ascribe to any supreme existence we might argue for. At this point we're close to the limits of a priori analysis, and must turn to a posteriori, empirical evaluation. This can be with respect to two separate aspects. One: the hypotheses we arrived at using the recipe from the previous section might make testable predictions that can be verified using our sense-data. Two: the descriptions generated by the hypotheses can be compared against purported divine revelations from different sources. 
- Finally, after having solved (or at the very least having carved a path towards progressing to solve) the epistemological problem of learning about the title "God", we must turn to a more significant meta-question about the nature of the "supreme existence" that we derived earlier. This, of course, would technically be part of the bundle of descriptions we had inside our imaginary boxes labelled God_i, but it's arguably the most significant one out of them all, and hence deserves a separate discussion. The Meinongian view (later accepted by Russell) about levels of existence is that there are three separate levels of existence. There are things that absist, i.e. the set of all DESCRIPTIVELY possible things, e.g. round squares, the present king of France, 2+2=9, 1+1 = 2, my phone etc. Then there is the subset of things that are said to _subsist_, i.e. the LOGICALLY possible things out of all the descriptively possible concepts, e.g. the present king of France, 1+1=2, my phone. And finally we have things that are said to _exist_, i.e. the subset of logical possibilities that occupy time and space and have "causal powers", allowing for the nebulously defined (or possibly non-existent, or rather absistent, altogether) concepts of time and causality to, for the moment, pass by unexamined. A fundamental question for any theological hypothesis worked out from first principles thus remains: what is the nature of existence of this God? Working through the recipe described above for coming up with such a theory should have eliminated logical inconsistencies, if any, in the initial versions of the hypotheses, so what remains to be asked is does the protagonist of this hypothesis _subsist_, or _exist_?